 : 
Where are you from?:I'm from Sacramento, California.
What age did you start working the streets?:13.
Did you have both of your parents growing up?:No, I grew up with my grandparents. I was raised by my grandmother, my auntie, and my uncle. And my two sisters.
Where was your mom and dad growing up?:My mom, she grew up on the streets, she got into drugs at, like, the age of nine. And she hasn't been right since then, I'm surprised she had kids. But she had us and then my grandma raised us. Started living with my grandma when I was like, four, maybe. And my mom, she's been on the streets, still on the streets till this day. I really don't know too much of my dad. I mean, I know of his family, but him himself, I don't know too much. I just know he was a drug addict like my mom.
What do you think, if you had a different childhood, it might have lead you down a very different path than this?:Maybe a mom and a dad that wasn't on drugs, that had two normal jobs. Was willing to raise kids on a normal household, and just not on drugs. I think that probably would've steered me to the right path. 'Cause there's been times when I had to go on the corner to get rent money. My mom blew it all on drugs. And I have two sisters, somebody has to feed 'em. I had to been the one. Somebody had to be.
Do you have children of your own?:I do, I have a six-year-old.
Who is raising your child?:My grandma is raising her. Kinda lost her, but I'm trying to get her back, and it's kinda hard talking about that. But, you know, she's everything to me, so I'm trying my best to get her back, but I know me being in this life it's just not gonna be as easy as a person working a job, and, you know, doing what they have to do to get their kid, you know? Me, I'm just working on the streets, praying that she's gonna come to me. That's not gonna work like that. I had a choice to go homeless or to provide for my family. And I chose to provide for my family, and sometimes you gotta make sacrifices in this world. As human beings we gotta sacrifice ourselves or something so we can survive.
What kind of money will you make in a night doing this, or in a day?:A whole day and night, at least 12, 1300. And that's just walking. But, I mean, I don't enjoy it, but I just, you know, fell into it. Was 13 walking through a mall being fast, met a guy, he took my virginity and told me, look, you're gonna get on this corner, and you're gonna bust this date. And you're gonna tell 'em this. And, I don't know, I just, I didn't like, the fact what I had to do for it, but as I grew older and prone to everyday waking up, I have to do this, I have to make this money, I have to get this guy, it just got stuck into my program, like, I have to do it.
Have you had some bad experiences with guys you've picked up?:Two nights ago, I was standing on 80th and Figueroa, and I got in a car with a guy, a Mexican. He was cool, he didn't do nothing to me. He parked, some random kid from out here got in his car and took my money. He forced me to do stuff that I didn't wanna do, and then he started calling me dirty, like I was the dirty prostitute, he started trying to make me feel bad and lower of a women than what I was. And it's already bad enough that being in this life, and doing what I'm doing, you don't feel as much of a woman. You gotta make yourself. You gotta put in your head like, I'm still beautiful, I'm still a woman. You gotta tell yourself. 'Cause everyday you're going to meet different men, you're having sex with dirty men, like, you know, you feel less. You're already giving yourself up. So it's like, when he came to me and did that it just, like, took my whole dignity from me. 
Do you get depressed with this life?:I do, a lot. I find myself sitting in my hotel rooms crying to myself. 'Cause my baby, 'cause I'd call her and she'd be like, mommy just come home. And I can't. I'm stuck, you know? And, it's not like I want to, it's like, literally I'm controlled. So I'm in this, like, I don't know, I feel like it's the game controlling me to keep doing it. I don't feel like it's me or nobody else but the game and the money, you know? I wanna get out, but I'm 21, I feel like it's too late.
Did you finish high school?:No. I was pregnant at 14, so. And I was hoeing at 13, so. I was like, ditching school just to go hoe. I would lie to my grandparents, okay I'm going to school. No, I'm by myself on a track somewhere, making some money.
When you were a young girl did you have dreams of a different life than this?:I always dreamed of being a real estate agent, or a flight attendant, somewhere higher class, like a cute profession. You know, I'm a white girl. I grew up with blonde hair. I feel like I should've been behind a desk. That's how I feel. And like, I should be on the plane being a flight attendant. I should be flipping houses. I have a good mouthpiece, you know, I could be a lawyer. I really wanted to be a real estate agent, honestly. But it’s like I know a couple of girls out here that are younger than me, and I'm talking like 16, 15, 17. And I preach them, like, get out. It's not what girls, it's not made for everybody. It's not. You gotta be a strong woman to survive this, 'cause I, I've been pistol-whipped, I've been shot at, I've been raped, I've been kidnapped. Through this whole life, game.
How do you think this life has changed you?:I think honestly, as a person it made me strong. 'Cause if I never experienced the things that I experienced just going through this life, I probably wouldn't be as strong as I am today. I think it made me a strong woman, because I could still wake up and tell myself, okay, you got this. You're still a good mother, you're still a beautiful woman, you got this you know?
Do you use drugs at all?: I do ecstasy. I take ecstasy every day or every other day to keep going. 'Cause I work all day and I work all night. So, I need something to keep me up, active. Otherwise I'd just be like, I can't work, I'm tired, and then I don't have no money. I gotta pay for hotel rooms everyday, I don't have my own place, so.