 : 
Where are you from?:Inglewood, California
How old are you?:I'm actually 23.
What was your family like?: I have a mom and a dad. My dad has six kids my mom only has me my twin sister. My mom passed away when I was 15, I lived with my dad until I was 17. My dad went to jail, I was 18 and they tried to put me in foster care, but my grandmother was nice enough you know to take me and my sister in.
How would you describe your childhood?: My childhood was lit as fuck If I'm gonna be honest. I didn't have a bad life or nothing, I went to school. I was like a cheerleader, I graduated in San Manchester because I got kicked out of school because I was fighting. But other than that like I ended up living with my grandmother after my dad ended up going to jail and then it was just me and my twin sister. We've been together since like forever.
When did you start working the streets?:I actually started working the streets because I'mma be honest when I started living with my grandmother, it got really hard, and I was used to like having things and I ended up having my son King. I have a son, he's actually six. And when I had my son King, I didn't want my son to ever have less than nothing. And I was going to jail for like robbery, grand theft, and it was like I was going to spend my whole life like in jail if I kept going down that like type of path. So I decided easier path with easier money and that's it.
Do you ever have problems with the cops?:Yeah I do actually have problems with them only like a little bit. Some of them they actually want to have fun with us like, they like seeing beautiful girls on the corner. Like not all of them are so serious like how people paints it out to be. Like sometimes they trippin'. They're mostly tripping on like honestly like guns and drugs over there. Like it's Figaro area it's more than just prostitution, it's drugs, it's like gang banging you know. Like so when you see them all the time it's not always just because like they were trying to look for some prostitute or they're looking for a minor you know. But it is that type of situation though yeah.
Have you had had bad experiences out there?:Yeah, honestly, I had like a trick tried to like kidnap me I had a trick try to act like he had a gun and like forced me in his car. Like I had a trick you know actually had like his girlfriend pull up to the room where he was at, and he started fucking going crazy. Like I ended up having to fight the bitch and everything, it was like mad crazy.
How much will you make at night?:It varies. You can make five, you can make on like your okay days you can make from a thousand dollars to 1200 like on your best days.
How many dates do you do in a night?:It all varies. Like you know one date can make your night two dates can make your night or you gotta run that shit up and it might be a couple. 
Are drugs are part of your life?:I'll be honest, I smoke weed and like my main problem is liquor. I like to drink a lot like that's my thing that's what you know my drug is you know I turns the fuck up. When I drink, I'm more like talkative, I'm more extra, I'm more funnier, I'm more finesse and willing to work with somebody. Other than like you now, the normal Essence. I'm irritated and can't work with you, I can't you know have patience like you know so that's it.
Is love a part of your life when you're doing this kind of work?:Yes, I feel like you know I fell in love with somebody. It's like a part of it because it's not just we're hoes and we do date tricks. It's not even like we always have sex with them. It's not like that like we're gonna find somebody that obviously likes us because we don't got superpowers. We want somebody to care about us, you want somebody to hold us at night. We want somebody to tell us lies too, just the way some regular girl would want to get told lies. I feel like it is you know like I've met somebody that say they love me.
How does this work affect you emotionally?:Sometimes you know it gets overwhelming. It's always a downfall to some things, but you just have to understand like you just can't give up. Like you just gotta keep going like it's hard as hell just to deal with tricks or if you got problems with your boyfriend or your dude every situation or whoever you calling whatever sometimes it gets overwhelming and then like you just want to break down. But then you have to realize like I'm grown for real. I didn't come here to just play once I started doing something, i'ma give it a thousand percent or I would just give up. You cannot fail so you should always try to strive for better. You gotta stand up, you gotta look better than yourself to realize like you don't have to like give up on the first time something gets hard for you. You have to keep trying because maybe you might hit a million.
Did you have dreams of doing something else with your life?:Yes, I like makeup. I do the extras, I always wanted to do makeup like my whole life that's like everything to me.
Do you view prostitution as temporary?:Yes, who wants to sell pussy all their life? Who wants to stay on the corner, like no one wants to do this, we have to. Yes, it's fun, it's not like what I feel like people make it out to be like. It's not so serious and there's pimps trying to kill you all the time like it's not like that. Sometimes it's a party out there. So I was like it's not as bad like sometimes it's fun as hell. Like you know you see naked hoes, naked bitches. How is that not fun and liquor like come on.
What does this work do you do to your self-worth or self-esteem?:Honestly, it builds me the fuck up. I love when people call me pretty, I think I'm gorgeous, I don't care what no one else says. And I love when people like gas me up, it gives me self-confidence it makes me feel like I'm the most prettiest girl that hit the stage like you know. It's not like people think, guys go out there and be like so serious and talk bad about the girls like no, they build them up like damn baby you look sexy as hell.
What's the hardest part of doing this kind of work for you?:I'll be honest like the hardest part is doing it and your worst fear is that you hop in the car and this was the wrong fucking car. Like was your last call. People do go missing, it's not like all sweets, people do end up dead. Like you know my worst fear is I do get in the car and that might be my last time I walk the earth.
What's do you think the most misunderstood thing is about girls that do this kind of work?:I feel like they think that we are all dirty. I think we're actually the cleanest girls ever. 
How do you think working the streets has changed you?:It's actually made me more confident. And like, I don't know I got more finesse about myself, I know how to convince somebody that I like them without even touching them.
Do you think you're addicted to the streets?:I'm addicted to the money but shit hey I'm not these to the streets I don't care about the streets. I'm addicted to the fast money; I don't want to go broke. I don't want to somebody give me 25 an hour, for a whole 60 minutes? Hell no.