 : 
Where did you grow up?:Well I just tell everybody all over because I grew up in like foster cares and juvenile halls and stuff like that. So I went lived everywhere from long Beach, to here in LA, the valley, Iowa, different families, different placements.
How old are you?:Now I'm 23.
How old were you when you started working as a prostitute?:When I started working, I was probably about like 13.
Did you have a pimp when you started working?:Yeah, I had ran away from one of the placements. Normally I had ran away by myself, but this time I ran away with one of the other girls that was in the placement, and it ended up being her pimp. But I didn't know that it was her pimp, so she ended up going back to the placement and I ended up staying with the dude.
How many pimps have you had?:I've had six.
What has been your experience with pimps?:It’s very unsettling you know to work that hard and do some of the things that we have to do in order to get the money just to give it to somebody else. And we don't see nothing out of it but like maybe something to eat, a room, or you feel me our next outfit, our nails done. Like anything that they do give us goes right back into work so it's just like we really don't see any profit from it and you're working like seven days a week in long hours right.
Is there a quota that you have to make?:Yeah, well when I was working for mine it was always pretty much a quota and everyone that I have worked for I always ended up being just the only girl that they had so even on slow days for me like it kind of sucked like having to pull in 15 to 2000 when every date is like 40, 60 dollars. You know it gets tough on those days. I've never had a day unless I was working by myself that I didn't meet my quota like I stayed out there no matter how cold it was.
What emotions goes through your head when working?:Yeah, it's hard like sitting back thinking on it because it's just like you know a lot of prostitutes or girls that are in the life like if we tell somebody that's not in the life or doesn't understand the life it's like we get judged and like categorized by that like “oh she's a hoe like that's all she's good for right” or “that's all she does” like it's just sad because for some of us it isn't just “oh she likes hoeing” or “oh she must do this because she likes sex” like no it's bigger than that.
What misconceptions do you think people that are not involved in this life have?:It's survival. Like for me because I ran away and got involved into it like it was something that stuck with me like it was the only thing that I knew besides getting a job and doing something legal. And then I had kids at a young age by one of my pimps too.
How many kids do you have?:I have two.
Who's raising your kids?:Right now my grandma, but I have a joint custody between me and my brother, but my brother recently passed away too so.
Is working without a pimp dangerous?:Oh yeah. Especially places out like Fig,  Pomona. Like I've done it a few times by myself out of state. It's not as dangerous because you know you're a new face but then again, it's dangerous because you're a new face. So everybody wants to be in the mix “so who is the light-skinned girl with all the tattoos” like “I'm nobody, I'm just walking”.
Did your face tattoos come from pimps?:Yeah, it's like their way of branding you yeah.
Are drugs a part of your life?:Yeah, I use crystal meth. But even now you got to be like cautious of it because there's been a lot of bad batches going around like cut with fentanyl. 
Is addiction part of what keeps you in this lifestyle?:Partially yeah. Like I've been on it on and off now for three years because it just like eventually started putting a toll on me you know, and it was just like the only escape route. Like okay boom when I do this, I don't think about nothing else, I don't second guess going out there and working or none of that. I just go out there, work, get my money, and I'll be cool because it's like everything else gets blocked out. It's like you become numb to everything.
Are you addicted to this life?:It would be hard to just stop and get a regular job right because anything that happens or goes wrong it's like okay boom if my kids need like diapers or you know for me to pay for babysitters just like okay what do I know that within an hour I'll have some type of money to pay for it. Nothing else but going to the streets you know so.
Have you had dangerous things happen to you?:Yeah quite a few. Like with us, we're told not to get in the car with younger age dudes for the simple fact like a lot of the younger age dudes now portray themselves to be pimps when they're really not. Or you know they'll rob us or try and kidnap us. My last few situations, I got in the dude's car it was a pickup truck at that you know had no car seat in the back, so I'm not thinking anything of it we go down to a dark street, go and do our date and halfway through the date, I felt something metal on my back, and I turned around and the dude had a gun to my back. So of course like I panicked, freaked out. I started trying to open the door, he had child locked the doors. I tried like banging out the windows and that ultimately ended and him like telling me that if I didn't shut up and stop banging on the windows that he was going to kill me right there. So I stopped and I just let whatever happened happen. He ended up throwing my phone out the window parking somewhere else, took off the condom, raped me, and robbed me for everything I had made that night. And I had to go and tell my pimp at the time what had happened. And he's like oh I don't care you know still go out there and make your track. Then my last incident that I had while I had a pimp out there about two years ago, I ended up getting in the dude's car he ended up spending all of his time talking and wanted his money back and that's always been a rule with anybody that I've been with. You're not ever supposed to give the money back, you're supposed to get the money first you know. If they spend their time talking or doing something else, then that's their fault type of thing. So I didn't give the money back to him. I told him just drop me back off on the blade you know, and he drove past the blade and started going faster and faster and I think he hit about 60, 65 and I just remember opening the door, covering my face, and just jumping out. And I thought I only had like scraped the skin off of my body, but I ended up going to the hospital about like three or four days later because my pimp at the time ended up going to jail so it was hard for me to get up by myself and like do things by myself. So I went to the hospital, and they told me that it was a good thing that I ended up going because I had suffered from third degree burns on my shoulder, both of my knees, both of my hands, both of my butt cheeks, and my head was cracked open, and I needed over 30 staples and stitches, and I had to have skin grafts. I had to learn how to walk again, how to write. You're not guaranteed the next two seconds let alone the next two days you know. 
Has this life has changed you?:Yeah, definitely. I don't trust people. It’s always the ones you least expect to do anything that ends up being the one sitting there plotting like oh okay this girl looks like you know like she's a little bit skinnier you know like she can't defend herself so i'mma go and sit there and plot something on her but you know to us they look like normal tricks so yeah you want to date fine and then we'll end up in the whole situation just because we chose to give him that that opportunity and say okay yeah he's just a trick you know. 
What has this work taught you about men?:A lot of them have secret life. You would never think that you could see half of these men that go on fig end up having a wife, four or five kids, working a good job, but you come to fig every night. Like if you're unhappy like you know leave your family like they don't deserve that, they didn't ask for that you know. But I guess everybody has their reasons on doing the things.
What advice would you give to a young girl who's thinking about getting into this lifestyle?:It's not worth it. Yeah, definitely not worth it. And not everybody has that street wisdom you could say. Some people think they could get into this, and it'll break them to the point where you know they do end up killing themselves or overdosing you know. Just like some of these guys they think that they can be pimps but behind closed doors you know they're all lovey-dovey you know, “I'm sorry I didn't mean to do that I didn't mean to do this” like you know you can't lose who you truly are trying to be something that you're not. 
What's your biggest regret?:Probably having my kids and going back to it. 
What would you say is the most important lesson you've learned in your life?:I have like a few like probably not to let my guard down too soon like it's okay to tell people some things about you but not everything everybody should know. Because some people don't have the same intentions and use it to their benefit and your weakness. Never let like nobody dictate the person you are like don't allow them to have that much control over you to where you're not happy or you know you feel like you can't do what it is that you want to do in life. A lot of people think that you know this life is you know anybody could get in anybody can get out but sometimes that's not the case. You know when I was in juvenile hall, waiting to get sent to YA, it was like two or three other girls that I ended up being in juvenile hallway and the one girl had court, went to court got released and when she was picking up her property from Los Petrinos, her pimp was waiting by in a semi-truck and ended up running her over and dragging her. It was all over the news, but we weren't able to watch the news. I mean but everybody knew what had happened and who did it you know so it's stuff like that where it's just like you see girls try and get out of their life, but you have that one person that's just like no you're gonna stay in this you know and it's sad it's very sad. And it makes you second guess getting out of the lifestyle, but I mean if you really want to there's always somebody willing to help you know. Even when it seems like everybody's against you there's always that one person that's not. Like I have a niece that's somehow followed similar steps to my own and it kind of like gets the best of me a lot especially recently. Like she's put me in situations where she's like “oh I want to go out there with you” and I'm just like “oh no, no you do not, like what the hell.” But she's also caught me at a weak point and it's where it's just like you know what fuck it if you don't give a damn, I don't give a damn either. You think you're ready for it go ahead and she would get to the point where she was right about to do it and it's just like you know you still got a baby face you still have your innocence like all right no that's not the life for you. It's better out there you know, you finish high school, go to college, you know do something. Make something of your life. And she's actually told me a few times like oh well I want to be like you like you. Like no you don't. Trust me, cause sometimes I don't even want to be like me.